License Agreement
Zymurgy:CM (the "Software")

"You" means the person or company identified below, who is being licensed
to use the "Software" identified in the title of this License Agreement.
"We" and "us" means Zymurgy Systems Inc., an Ontario corporation.

Limited Nonexclusive License

You acknowledge that you are acquiring only a limited nonexclusive license
to use the Software (the "License"). We remain the owner of all right,
title, and interest in the Software and in any copies of it.

The License permits you to install the Software on more than one web
server provided that you hold a valid license key for each domain name for
which the software is installed.

You may make a reasonable number of backup copies of the Software solely
for backup purposes.

You agree not to make nor to permit the making of copies of the Software
(including its documentation) except as authorized by this License
Agreement or otherwise authorized in writing by us.

You agree not to engage in nor to permit the decompilation, disassembly,
or other reverse engineering of the Software.

Limited Warranty

We warrant to you that, for a period of 90 days after delivery of this
copy of the Software to you:

1. the Software will perform in accordance with the included electronic
documentation distributed with it by us, and

2. to the best of our knowledge your use of the Software in accordance
with its electronic documentation will not, in and of itself, infringe any
third party's copyright, patent, or other intellectual property right.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY
IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND
WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE, OF NONINFRINGEMENT, OF MERCHANT ABILITY, OR OF
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDLESS WHETHER WE KNOW OR HAVE
REASON TO KNOW OF YOUR PARTICULAR NEEDS.

No employee, agent, dealer, or distributor of ours is authorized to modify
this limited warranty, nor to make any additional warranties.

No action for any breach of the above limited warranty may be commenced
more than one (1) year following the expiration date of the warranty.

If implied warranties may not be disclaimed under applicable law, then ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO 90 DAYS AFTER DELIVERY OF
THIS COPY OF THE SOFTWARE TO YOU.

Some provinces do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty
lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.

This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other
rights which vary from province to province.

No Incidental or Consequential Damages

Independent of the foregoing provisions, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO
YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE
SOFTWARE, regardless whether we know or have reason to know of the
possibility of such damages.

Some provinces do not allow exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply
to you.

Your Indemnity to Us

Independent of the foregoing provisions, you agree to defend and indemnify
us against, and hold us harmless from, any and all claims, damages,
losses, and expenses of any kind arising from or connected with the
operation of your business.

Privacy

You agree that for purposes which include software update notifications
and license enforcement the Software may communicate with us, and may
execute code originating from our servers.  You agree that we may log
these transactions and collect data on your use of the Software.

Termination

If you materially breach this License Agreement, we may terminate your
right to use the Software by notice to you.

You agree that, upon termination of the License, you will either return to
us or destroy all copies of the Software in your possession.

Entire Agreement, etc.

This written License Agreement is the exclusive agreement between you and
us concerning the Software and supersedes any and all prior oral or
written agreements, negotiations, or other dealings between us concerning
the Software.

This License Agreement may be modified only by a writing signed by you and
us.

In the event of litigation between you and us concerning the Software, the
prevailing party in the litigation and the prevailing party in any
ancillary disputes (e.g., discovery disputes) will be entitled to recover
attorneys' fees and expenses from the other party.

This License Agreement will be governed by the law of the Province of
Ontario applicable to contracts executed and performed entirely in, and by
residents of, that province.

This License Agreement is effective upon your installation of the Software
(provided that your acquisition of a copy of the Software was from us or
our representative); you agree that we need not sign this License
Agreement in order for it to take effect.
